So the one last thing you should do before publishing your theme is to run the theme checked plugin that we installed
in the very early lectures of this course.
So remember when we installed a plugin and it added an item here Theme Check.
So all I have to do is to check our theme, our main theme and then see if we have any errors.
But actually this plugin will scan all your files and your folders in the theme. And in our case we have some
files and folders that won't be actually included in the final bundle theme,
like the node_modules, the src and so on.
So I think it might be a better idea to make this check in the blank installation that we did a while
back,
this one. So I'm here inside my htdocs folder and we have the firsttheme installation.
And during this course I did another one for testing.
All right?
So let's open this folder and let's go to wp-content/themes. And let's delete this one. And let's build
our theme to include all the latest stuff that we added.So let's run "npm
run bundle". And this will build our theme in the package folder in our main theme.
So let's go to, in the browser, let's go to the new installation, the "/WordPress" installation.
So 8888 and WordPress/wp-admin. And let's login. And let's go to Themes and Add New and Upload and
choose our theme which will be in the
firsttheme and then packaged
and this one.
And let's activate it.
And let's also add the Theme Check plugin in this installation.
And let's search for "theme check". And let's install it and activate it.
And also if you are publishing for Theme Forest, you can search for a plugin called "envato check". And you can
go to this repository and add this plugin also. But let just run the normal one.
So let's a go to Appearance and Theme Check. And let's check it.
And here you should remove any "Warning" or "REQUIRED". "RECOMMENDED" and "INFO" are fine.
So here we have "bypostauthor" CSS class.
You should use this class to style Post Author Comments and I think we mentioned that during the section
about Post Comments.
Also we have multiple text domains so remember the TGMPE library that we added.
So let's go to lib and this class.
So this class has some strings and they are translated with the another text domain other than your theme.
So you can just change these to your theme domain or if you are publishing for Theme Forest I think
they will allow that.
Next we have "Could not find automatic-feed-links support". So we can just copy this and add support for automatic
feed links. So in theme-supports let's add this one.
And this will add some RSS stuff in your HEAD tag.
And finally zip files found and plugins are not allowed in themes.
So this is also if you are submitting for WordPress.org you should not add zip files in your theme.
But for Theme Forest you can actually add plugins which are zip files inside your theme like we did.
So you can also ignore this one if you are publishing for Theme Forest.
But anyways if you have any other error here that you cannot resolve, let me know and maybe I can help.
So that's it for this course.
I hope I was able to deliver my points clearly.
If you have any questions, any feedback or any maybe you need me to create some lecture about some WordPress
topic, please let me know you can contact me by e-mail or on Twitter.
So if you're watching this that means you probably finished the entire course. And this means that you
now know everything that you need to create Premium WordPress Themes.
There is of course maybe another topic some other advanced stuff.
And I know during this course I mentioned that we may add more lectures in this course. But actually
I ended up with a lot of the topics and ideas. So I'm not sure if I'm gonna put these in this course
or maybe another one.
I don't want this one to be stuffed with a lot of information.
But anyways we'll see.
And we'll keep you updated.
So thanks for watching
and see you next time.